# Meeting - Week 4
Date: 30/10/2020

## Interview with Dick Wallis 
### Questions
1. What data/what format will the data that you give us be in? (applicable to learning algorithms etc, fields and range of continuous values) (If we do get Data, will we be able to get information on employee sick days etc?)
	
2. What is your definition of technology readiness level 7-9?
	- 7-9 is close to productisation
	- Initial idea and prototyping is easy
	- Releasing the final product is where most companies fail
		 - Think about shape, design, technology etc.
		 
3. Can we get a detailed description of the current system we are improving upon?
	- Currently, a simple process
	-  Original software was "clunky" and slow.
	- Currently, at TRL 3-5
	
4. What is the expected scale of the system e.i. one or multiple hand sanitisers in an organisation/building?
    - The private sector is much easier to get into than the public
	- Think private first, then public
	- "NHS is like Fort Knox".
	
5. Are prediction reports and/or a statistical analysis regarding possible consequences in the future, a requirement?

6. Is the product limited to sanitising stations, or should it consider hand wash as well?

7. To what degree can modifications be made to the hardware?

8. What RFID systems do you already have in place? (e.g. ID cards vs RFID door keys)
	- Warned about creating was of identifying specific staff
	- However, targeting individuals is needed to combat disease.
	
9. What is the prototype sent to the university campus
	- The package sent to the campus is currently an empty box
	- No wiring etc.
	
10. Who is the product for? (managers, staff, etc.)
	- "That's the question we're asking you"

### Other Points
- Likes the idea of UV light with alcohol gel.
- Try and get "first mover advantage"

## Scrum Meeting
### Ideas
- Simulate technologies
    - So instead of implementing actual RFID we can simulate an RFID "read"
- RFID watch style chip
    - Dispenses gel
    - Opens door
    - Tracks users
- NFC Phone interaction
    - Arduino interaction
- UV light
    - Time spent shining on hand/surface

- Modularity
    - Hand sanitisers around a building/hospital
    - Named hand sanitisers with location metadata
    - Backend database to log reads and record stations

- Elevator Pitch
    - Intelligent hand hygiene compliance system
